[Project] devcontainer docs (#3063)
liqotech/liqo: .devcontainer/Readme.md

# DevContainer

> A devcontainer (short for "development container") is a pre-configured, isolated environment defined by configuration files (like devcontainer.json and Dockerfiles) that sets up all the tools, dependencies, and settings needed for a project. It allows developers to work in a consistent environment, regardless of their local setup, often using Visual Studio Code's "Remote - Containers" feature. This helps avoid "it works on my machine" issues and streamlines onboarding for new contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A devcontainer (short for "development container", https://containers.dev/) is a pre-configured, isolated environment defined by configuration files (like devcontainer.json and Dockerfiles) that sets up all the tools, dependencies, and settings needed for a project.
It allows developers to work in a consistent environment, regardless of their local setup, often using Visual Studio Code's "Remote - Containers" feature (https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/containers).
This helps avoid "it works on my machine" issues and simplifies onboarding for new contributors.
```
